docs: add `Services`, `Cron Jobs`, and `Daemons` docs, fix outdated steps on few articles (#1005)
devopness/devopness: docs/services/link-application-to-service.md

---
title: Link an application to a service

> intro: Link an application to a service to select which applications a service can be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: Link an application to a service to ensure the service is installed on all servers where that application is deployed.
```
